#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass ociamthesis-lyx
\options a4paper,titlepage
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Course Tuning and Radio Frequency Measurements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
epigraph{Before we can use a quantum computer we first need to be able to
 turn it on.}{B.
 Severin}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Upon cooling a gate defined semiconducting device down to 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
SI{}{
\backslash
milli 
\backslash
kelvin}
\end_layout

\end_inset

 temperatures one is not presented with quantum dots; instead they must
 tuned through a deliberate effort of measuring the state of the device
 and then adjusting gate voltages accordingly.
 In the past experiments concerned themselves with a small number of dots,
 thus manual tuning by an eager experimentalist was the go to proceedure.
 As we have moved towards scaling quantum devices to many dots, eventually
 millions, there has been a push towards automating the proces.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To date all manual and automated tuning efforts have used transport measurements
 to probe the state of the device.
 Such measurements work by applying a DC voltage across the Ohmics of the
 device then measuring the current through some path in the device.
 Such measurements necessitate a direct DC line between electronics at room
 temperature and the layer of the heterstructure which hosts quantum dots.
 To ensure low electorn/hole temperatures in this layer it is necessary
 to heavily lowpass filter then DC line, severly limiting the bandwidth
 of transport measurements.
 Thus, transport measurements have proven orders of magnitude too slow for
 single shot measurements of qubits, necessating the use of radio frequency
 measurements.
 As a result transport measurements are used for defining the quantum dots
 and then become redundant for all subsequent qubit measurements.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Transport Measurements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By quite reductionist arguments transport measurements are as simple as
 applying a DC voltage across the device then measuring the DC current which
 flows.
 However, nothing is quite that simple inside a Dilution refrigorator.
 In this section I will breifly outline how transport measurements are performed
 then I will discuss what information they probe about the device.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Performing Transport Measurements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are two significant complications which come with transport measurements,
 the currents are small and the lines must be highly filtered.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Radio Frequency Measurements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Matching Circuits
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Demodulation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Video Mode
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 Measurements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Coarse Tuning with Transport Measurements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Coarse Tuning with Radio Frequency Measurements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
